---
layout: post
title: Week 9
---

During the 9th week we developed proofs for theorems that allowed our MMS algorithms to work for APS as well. For goods, we needed to have a one good reduction and a proof that if the top nk items are valued at n, then the APS is at most 1. The first is a method that states that the removal of one item of one agent leaves an instance in which all remaining agents' APS only improves. The purpose of this method is to help prove 1/2-APS, we can give any item valued 1/2 or more by any agent to such an agent, and both the item and agent can be resolved. This leaves only items valued less than 1/2 by all items, and so whenever an item is added to a bundle, it can only change the value of the bundle by 1/2. The second is a lemma that helps show that rescaling the items so that the top nk items are valued at n provides that APS is at most 1, so then we can give value 1/2 or more to items, and this will certainly be at least 1/2-APS. We did this through proving that the bundle of items that optimizes the objective value in the APS definition contains items only from the top nk items. We prove this through induction and contradiction. Then we found a price assignment that provides the objective within the min to be at most 1, and so APS after being minimized is also at most 1. I wrote up these two proofs, and then adjusted the MMS algorithms to hold for both MMS and APS. These are both new results, as heterogeneous cardinality constraints have not yet been studied. We also did some work on the chores case, which entailed proving some lemmas that bounded the value of the APS in that case. My partner worked on proving these lemmas and adjusting our MMS algorithms to incorporate APS as well. I then used the written solutions to create a poster to present at the UIUC CS Summer Research showcase. At the poster session, I had the pleasure of discussing our research with other undergraduates, graduate students, and professors. I explained our problem setting and each of our definitions, lemmas, and algorithms. The poster session gave me great practice communication information about my research to others who were not yet familiar with the problem. I hope to remake the poster soon to present at a conference at Columbia in mid-August. 
